All right.
Hey,
what's going on?
It's Bill Burr.
It's time for a very special episode of the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday,
Monday morning podcasts.
And I am sitting here,
I can't believe this by the way.
I am sitting across from the,
the King of Boston comedy and a guy who,
uh,
I am still in awe of.
He basically is,
is on the Mount Rushmore of,
of,
of Boston comedy.
Started the whole scene there.
So someone like me could pursue this dream.
No,
him,
no me.
Please welcome the legendary Steve Sweeney.
Well,
it's tough to live up to that,
but um,
I got to show my respect.
Steve,
come on.
You know,
this is amazing because I've done these shows with Joe,
Joe Rogan,
Marin and Greg Fitzsimmons and you,
and it's just,
you're all so successful.
And I was saying to God today in my prayers,
I said,
so that's the key,
Huh?
Open for me.
I get to watch you guys go by me.
But you know,
I think I know.
I,
you know what it was as I think we learned from you guys.
No,
no.
I think I know one of the keys to your success,
you probably heard this.
What is that your voice looking like?
Ron Howard.
Now what?
My voice.
Oh really?
Have you heard that?
No.
You've got a certain kind of voice that there's a little thing where you sound a
little like Nick Depaulo,
but you don't sound like him and you've got this whole thing going.
Not as good as him either.
It's funny.
Do you,
are you aware or do you think about how big you are right now?
Uh,
no and no.
No I don't.
I don't,
and that's the key.
I know I'm doing really well and,
but like,
uh,
I don't feel any different.
Okay.
The,
uh,
you know,
would say,
um,
you know what the deal,
when you go out,
you just listening to them and it's,
do they need more than any me to slow down?
Do I need to change subjects made they spent their money.
This is their night out.
They got to sit up,
put on a show.
And I don't,
you know,
I don't,
uh,
I,
well,
let me give you an example.
I came up with you guys.
If I was a fucking arrogant ass,
you guys would have given me shit.
So you got,
you guys basically raised me,
right?
So,
well we,
we did,
we raised,
that's a funny way to put it.
So right before I'm in your parking lot here and I called one of the women
that's in this movie.
It's the first time I've ever heard you pronounce in art.
Oh yeah.
Well I mean you've,
I know.
I know how to do it.
Yeah.
Um,
I was like,
it had here back then,
I might go back and caught second.
Jesus,
Bill Burns and artists.
Yeah.
Anyways,
so right before I came in here,
Jordan Popolo,
who's in my movie,
our movie,
she said,
Oh,
and she's gorgeous.
She said,
Oh,
I love bill burr.
Now.
No woman has ever said that about me.
Yeah,
they did.
No go.
Will you stop it?
They did get,
you guys were like,
dude,
you guys like,
you know what?
When you guys came up,
it was also like,
what was going on back then?
You gotta think when you guys came up,
man,
it was like,
that was like d day Man.
You guys stormed the beaches to establish that and then you combine the fact
that cocaine was,
doctors literally said cocaine is no more addictive than caffeine.
That's the information you were given.
If you got pulled over for drinking and driving the capa be like,
wait,
do you live?
I'll write down the street.
All right.
Just,
you know,
just get,
go straight home.
Like,
okay.
There was none of that.
There was no policing of behave.
Like,
you know,
back in the day you look at a guy like John Barnum and led Zepplin,
there would've been an intervention.
They would have been like,
okay,
this guy is a raging alcoholic and we need to do something.
It's just the information didn't exist and we had to learn from your generation
because you know,
it was fucking hilarious is when I started out,
uh,
like I s it felt like 80% of the headliners,
their opening line was like,
see now,
so I've been sober for eight months.
Yeah,
that's right.
Everyone was in a program,
everybody had cleaned.
I got there right as the party fucking ended and everybody was sweeping up on
and I felt like I missed it.
But then,
um,
I actually was kind of thankful for it because I'm a
bit of a booze hound myself.
Taking a little sabbatical here.
You shouldn't be more than a little thankful.
I,
I did,
I did a movie
I did a movie with,
called back to school.
All right,
right.
Rodney Dangerfield,
Sam Kennison.
I remember Robert Downey,
uh,
and the director at the Post Party,
the wrap party or whatever party it was.
Right.
You know,
there we were in a little room,
you know,
with the,
what do you call it,
the accoutrements of the,
of the day,
the accoutrements.
I liked how you'd say that.
The Colombian marching powder or whatever,
whatever you want to call it,
a couple of library pumps.
Oh yeah.
It was the library books.
And um,
I can remember another time I went to the William Morris Agency and the guy said
to me,
do you want to do some coke?
And I said,
wow,
Jesus.
It's just to start the meeting.
By the way,
do you just walk in like,
was it like Lou grant when he would ask Mary Tyler Moore if you want a belt,
a scotch,
if she was having a tough day with somebody,
just break out an eight ball.
Let me tell you something.
You want to look at a portrait of life,
right?
Okay.
So right now,
here's my take on Los Angeles.
Cause I,
I've been here a few times now this year with this movie,
but I lived here,
by the way.
It's called Sweeney killing Sweeney.
It's on iTunes and it's on Amazon.
Okay.
So right now,
here's my take on Los Angeles,
uh,
the camping,
it's amazing.
This is the greatest place to camp out in the world because I see everybody's
camping out.
Wherever you go,
every sidewalk,
there's somebody sleeping,
right,
right.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a great city to be homeless as far as like the wallets,
everybody's camping out.
It's nice.
They like the outdoors.
Um,
but,
and then in San Francisco,
I'm at the Improv tonight,
so I'm trying not to them a little material on you.
Uh,
San Francisco.
I went there and you know,
I went to see all the golden gate bridge and all,
all the sites,
Telegraph Avenue.
But then I said,
let me when in Rome,
right.
Do as the,
you know,
people that live there that do.
So I took a shit on the sidewalk and I gotta tell you it was very liberating
anyway.
Um,
so I can remember,
I mean,
you've been in the business awhile now,
27 years,
if you can believe it.
So I'm gonna be 51 next month.
You look terrific.
Even if even if you didn't,
I would say that,
but so la works.
Yeah,
that's right.
Go Jesus.
You look good.
You look great.
You want some coke?
How bout,
how bout,
how bout this one?
I don't the people,
you mean it's more parameters than comedians?
Uh,
much more for actors and Comedians.
They're so positive that they've lost their personality.
Oh,
I know what I mean.
Or are you just start saying yes too many times?
Well,
it's like,
how are you doing?
Great.
You wouldn't believe how great I'm doing.
I'm studying with this guy.
I'm on food stamps and my teeth have fallen out and you know,
a lot of stuff that got a lot of irons in the fire and that's a good one.
I got irons in the fire.
I'm feeling good about who I am,
you know,
that kind of shit.
But anyway,
I remember being at the William Morris Agency was this big building and a guy in
the lobby like having a nervous breakdown and he's saying,
you tell him I'm not doing,
he's not doing me the favor.
I'm doing him the favor.
He's not doing me,
you know,
just the,
the fricking despair of it.
But I re,
you know,
this isn't this,
it's,
it's a really,
uh,
this is a hard place to get a handle on it,
if you will.
Now it's a very,
uh,
can you put your mic down a little so I can see you?
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's a very like,
I can also sit up straight for once in my life.
Um,
oh,
go crazy.
It's a very like,
uh,
I don't,
New York's a weird thing was,
is all this crazy energy while it's super lonely.
Um,
where did you grow up?
I grew up in,
uh,
the south shore of Boston when I was young guy.
I was up on the north shore.
I was born,
uh,
where did you live?
In the south shore and the north shore.
I was Peabody.
Peabody is beautiful PVD.
And then of course we move right over to the Linfield,
which was a little nicer,
but we didn't want to get dad do for a living.
A dentist.
Dentists.
So started in Peabody.
Yep.
And then we may made the big move.
Yeah,
we were in an apartment,
then we moved to a house and then we,
uh,
settled down in Canton,
Randolph area and Cobbs corner.
COBBS Cobbs corner.
Yeah.
Cops.
Sharon Stoughton.
Fucking Canton.
Canton still mammoth.
Matt that used to be there with the big elephant.
Hatland.
Don't forget about Hatland with the coupons.
Coleman sporting goods.
Yeah.
How about Ponka Park Golf course?
The longest day you'll ever have in your life that was voted in
sports illustrate the worst public golf course in the country at one point.
It's up there.
It was,
yeah.
It was just,
it was a bunch of people,
Shit faced and golf carts that's doing burnouts in them and,
uh,
killing a 12 pack,
playing nine holes,
and then getting in a car and going back to fucking work.
It was,
it was,
and you know what's funny is that's when I used to caddy at a,
at Blue Hill country club.
Wow.
And,
um,
yeah,
that,
which was a nice course.
That was the private course and then,
then we would all go golfing up at like Punkin
no,
I uh,
I went to a caddy camp when I was a kid from the north end.
I was,
grew up in Charleston,
which was what you have in the north there.
Know the,
the,
my sister married a guy from the north end,
the films,
one of them.
So I was from Charlestown and I went to caddy camp and it was,
this place in New Hampshire was 48 Italians,
one French kid in me.
Right.
So they used to take turns beating the shit out of me,
and I learned how to fight.
I learned how to,
Oh,
it was fun.
Actually.
You're not as
[inaudible] though.
I feel like with the people that started Boston comedy,
there was like a height requirement because you're tall.
Lenny's tall,
Frank's tall.
You guys are all well over six feet tall.
Leary's tall.
I remember standing,
I'm like average item.
I'm barely five 10 which probably is an average height anymore.
Certainly not when you go overseas to like Sweden.
Yeah,
I feel like a fucking shrimp over there.
But you guys remember doing like comics come home and I was there.
Gavin,
you guys all like a foot taller than me.
I still felt like a little kid,
like a basketball team.
What was you had the boys.
You think that's what it is?
The voice.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Well,
no,
you got the voice.
You got the material.
What about my shit jokes,
man,
those I always felt I had top shelf shit jokes.
I dance around the fecal metal before I would finally do,
remember
Jim Morris.
Jim Morris was an impressionist.
He did.
Ronald Reagan was the big deal.
All of these wonderful impressions,
but they would all end up taking a shit at the end of it.
His,
Ronald Reagan taking a shit,
his,
this other guy fit.
So No,
you're good with this shit jokes.
Do you know when I first time I saw you?
Yeah.
Uh,
I was absolutely fucking hammered and I,
I had snuck into the next and I didn't even realize it was you and I was so
drunk.
I was there for a minute and then they kicked me out and then I decided I was
gonna be a comedian.
This is like,
I saw you in the ladies.
I can't believe I went into Nick's comedy stop in like 88 or 89 in the heyday
and I'm too shit faced to fucking remember.
And this is the club that I started out in and Nazi and all those guys were on
the show because years later,
like in the drunken fog I was in,
I remembered the faces.
But I saw you with the Nixon Randolph.
Do you,
um,
go ahead.
But,
but do you actually like,
did you ever have like a drinking problem?
Um,
I got a little out of hand.
I was a,
a a binge drinker and where I got the bins on a,
I was bourbon and Scotch like that.
And I,
and then had,
there was two [inaudible] two stupid things.
Yeah.
I'm a German,
mainly German and Irish.
I'm not doing that ancestry.com because I'm not putting my fucking DNA on the,
on the Internet.
That's dumb flux.
Never Bald road robots show up looking like me and come by and try and kill me.
Um,
I,
I brought it into my house is what I did.
And so then I didn't have to go out to get it.
So then it was there.
So then rather than becoming a weekend thing,
it started to become a nightly thing.
And then,
uh,
being in the writer's room on this show,
you,
I'd come home fried,
which show was the show calledF is for family.
And I would come home and I started using it as a way to decompress.
Nice.
And then growing up where I grew up,
I grew up,
what was a big jock town?
Sports town.
So it's one kid.
Yeah.
So it was like really competitive.
So I started looking at bottles,
like I can finish that in three nights.
I don't know why I would think that.
And I would just try to do a third,
a third and a third.
And I felt like some sort of only a Boston guy and be like,
nice,
good job.
And I felt it was like some sort of accomplishment.
So it was kind of like,
you know that deal.
Like what,
what,
what makes you successful can also take you down.
It's like,
depends on what you applied it to.
When I was applying my drive to make it as a comedian with drinking and uh,
and I was in the back of my head was like,
dude,
what are you doing here?
So I just finally,
uh,
I don't know what happened.
It was funny,
it was November of last year and I literally looked at the guy was drinking with
going through it.
I'm never stopping.
I fucking love this shit.
The next day I woke up and like,
I'm not doing this anymore.
I've got a kid now.
I just don't want her to see me.
You know,
I'll go out and get a drink.
My wife at some point I'm taking a year off and then after that,
you know,
big,
if I'm on the road and I'm going to a sporting event or taking a year off from
drinking.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's it.
All right.
Maybe go a definitely all of this year.
I also want to go birthday to birthday.
Like I'm turning 51 or like being,
I didn't have one fucking drop when I was 51.
I don't know if I'll be able to make that.
There'll be like a urine and your birthday.
June,
you can do it.
Um,
how long have you been sober?
Uh,
June 9th will be 27 years due to,
you literally got sober right as I,
I,
I started in March of 92.
But what were you like when you were drinking?
I'm a fun drunk,
European drunk.
I'm fun and I tell people I love him and then I fall asleep.
I could see that,
I can see that.
Um,
it all depends,
but sometimes when I,
when I would get at a sporting event,
going to be in my next movie,
Oh,
I've got a movie about Ireland,
but my bike trips in Ireland and you would be perfect with the red fucking bird
and the whole fucking thing.
You know what I mean?
[inaudible] fucking cunt.
You'll,
I don't know if I can,
I can't do that accent,
I don't think.
No,
no,
but,
but here's,
here's what I'd found when I drank.
I drank champagne.
I was like,
oh,
that's cool man.
It was late.
I was happy and a little light in the loafers.
Yeah,
I was fucking funeral.
I was dancing people around the room.
Yeah,
it was Gatsby.
Right,
right.
Few eloquent.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
no,
that was the cocaine.
Beautiful thoughts.
You know,
profound
cocaine didn't take you to a dark place.
Pr.
Oh yeah,
of course it did.
But,
um,
it's just sounded like Jackie Mason cocaine didn't take it to that way.
But anyway,
no,
I did that.
You know,
you know what happened to me was I do that shit and I'd write and I'd say,
Bill,
let's say this stuff is,
you know,
I just wrote this thing and you know,
I gotta tell you,
wow.
I mean,
I didn't know I was this deep.
You know what I mean?
And then you look at it,
look at looking at in the morning,
so the most obvious shit,
oh,
the sky's blue,
whatever.
Yeah.
So that's where that took me.
But the key,
the champagne,
I was fun.
But then when I took the Whiskey,
oh my God,
I was so fucking,
you know,
it was fun.
You know,
you know those guys.
I don't know what it is about the brown stuff.
It makes a lot of people Serling oh Jesus.
And you could smell yourself and you fucking,
all of a sudden,
you know what I always thought was a mean fucking liquor was Jen.
Oh yeah,
Jen.
I think Jen,
I was afraid to drink,
first of all.
I don't like that floral taste to it,
but I was just here.
It is like isn't this is shit where you never committed a crime and then you
drink a bottle of this and you stab someone in an alley or are you,
well this gin and tonic,
you know,
I mean that makes you feel a little bit
as well,
not so much tonic mode gene.
You know,
he feels right because you know,
you grow up in Charlestown in Canton or whatever.
It's like no one has gin and tonic.
You know,
he'd say,
well let me try this now.
Dawn Gavin,
who,
you know,
he was always angry at me because I never had my own drink and he,
he's very serious about his drinking,
you know?
Yeah.
Like I'd have a bloody Mary and then a champagne and a beer and all this and he
said choose a drink.
Jesus Christ,
no matter with you,
he'd get so pissed off.
Right.
That I actually understand that.
Yeah.
Cause you know what it is,
is he's a pro.
He's a professional drinker.
Yeah.
If you come in and you're like,
no,
your drink,
you've got to know your drink.
That's what,
there's a whole etiquette in a bar.
If you come in during the day.
Yeah.
And you sit down and you're just low energy,
are you doing,
he just,
you order a and has to be a man strength too and you order that fucking thing
know.
And then you don't have to,
in Boston at least you didn't even have to talk to the guy when you finished it.
He was coming back because he knew that you were putting your work in and that
and and also that you weren't going to be a problem.
It was,
it was people like yourself that come in.
This guy,
he just did a line of coke.
Now he's drinking champagne.
Is that a wine cooler?
Like,
you know what I mean?
You're a wildcard.
Like no one knows.
What is this guy going to fucking do
the,
well,
the guy said to me,
do you remember the combat zone?
Yeah.
It's now known as the theater district.
You know,
so
people listening to combat zone used to be where all the drug pushers.
Uh,
the Pill is strip strip joints,
pussycat theater.
There was a bar down there called Harry's,
which I went into one night when I was underage to get served and they could die
the naked eye now for our main room,
it's spun Nessa,
you know,
and then the girl would come on scratch anywhere near you.
Notice when you walked down there,
you have 10 guys coming up to you.
Yo,
Yo yo
the uh,
so the girl would get off,
says Mercedes and now from Las Vegas,
it's Mercedes.
And then you talk to us from Winthrop.
Yeah,
that's all Mauldin I got a bunker.
Hell,
I'm a single mother.
And then they start chilling shy two credits and they start telling you about
their life,
which I'm not here to hear about your life.
Anyway.
So I went there,
one of those joints at eight in the morning and a guy who was just like that
bar.
And it's a wonderful life.
You know,
when I like characters here and its place when people come to drink.
So the guy says to me,
he used to start and a finish and write eight in the morning.
Sometimes they bought them as a good lines and I said,
[inaudible] sounded like Keith Richards,
you know,
Oh fuck am I gonna get the Fuck Outta here?
I can remember that.
But
Oh,
he told you to get the fuck out.
Oh yeah,
of course.
Cool.
I love that.
If you were just starting,
he was okay with giving her a drink at eight in the morning,
but because,
because you just,
you couldn't answer the question,
you know?
Right.
Those are great bartender at Nick's comedy stop named Gino,
and he was serving drinks to this guy.
I'll never forget it.
And the guys drink was rum and coke and Gino said,
okay,
so I'm going to give this guy a rum and coke.
He's going to fall to the left off the stool.
And he did.
And then amazing.
Yeah.
Well that's always been your thing,
your fascination with like characters like,
yeah.
Like how you,
you definitely,
you pick up on that.
Like,
do you remember Bobby flank rest his soul who,
uh,
Bobby flank and I remember that his,
his big,
his catch phrase was when you came in,
hey,
how you doing?
Shut that fucking door.
It was always shuts up.
Shut.
The fuck was always shut that fucking door.
He never said shut the door.
Really?
How you doing?
Great.
Shut that fucking door every single time.
You don't must leave it open just to hear him say it.
It was like,
it was like you were on like his own little sitcom.
And um,
he was such a nice guy to like all the guys that I started out with.
Me,
Dane,
Patrice,
Bobby Kelly,
Bob Miley,
uh oh good,
good.
All good guys.
You know that I al Del Benny,
Geez,
I'm getting so old.
I'm trying to remember all the fucking names now,
but,
but you know,
I,
I'm kind of,
um,
language is interesting and,
and what it says is interesting about the person that you know,
speaks a certain kind of language.
So I did the opening of the movie in Somerville and it was great.
I had all these mayors there was wonderful,
right?
And this guy from Charlestown,
I see them outside after the movie,
right?
It's one of the great nights of my life.
He says,
what's no nothing.
You know,
they ask you a question and they answer it in the negative.
What's no,
nothing.
That's fucking great.
Yeah.
Why is,
what is it with Massachusetts in general at that?
There's that many,
there's so many characters in,
I hope it's still like that,
but I know is everything's getting homogenized.
And then I remember like that was a saying when I was coming up.
Ah,
you know,
Fitzy God,
dude,
that guy's a character.
He's a fucking character.
He's a character.
And like it didn't mean like,
to me that just meant like,
you know,
uh,
he was a good shit,
you know,
whatever.
But the older I got,
I would see like this guy literally is a character in like,
unlike out here in la where everybody is so self aware,
which you kind of have to be as a performer to kind of feed what it is that
you're doing.
Those people back there,
I have no idea the show that they're putting on.
Yeah.
Like I saw a guy out here actually actually put on a nice show.
I was,
I was talking about in my last podcast,
I was sitting,
um,
at a regular table,
me and my wife and my daughter and these two guys want to sit at a high top bar
table.
Okay.
And this guy was sorta like medium fat and there wasn't enough space for him to
get his belly in between the chair.
And he made like four different attempts to try to get up on the stool and he
couldn't do it.
And he stood back and he was kind of looking at the,
the physics of it.
And I was,
it was literally like watching like a Chaplin movie.
It was like a silent film because there was no,
no lines.
Oh.
And I was joking.
All is missing was like the old lady playing the piano and the guy finally gets
in.
And of course there was no punch in the end where he likes spills his drink.
But,
um,
I remember seeing that and it's just like,
I,
you don't see that enough out here with people that are in the business because
I just think that uh,
there's this weird thing where you sort of eat yourself.
Let me ask you something.
Are you a good sleeper?
Uh,
Yanni and now that I'm not sure.
Yeah.
Now that I'm not drinking,
I,
so I,
I went by the other day and I was meeting some friends for dinner,
you know,
old friends.
So this guy is sleeping on the sidewalk and I what I said to myself as how as
they do that,
right.
How do they have that kind of inner security to just say,
okay,
could you sleep on a sidewalk?
I mean I'd be up every five minutes thinking something was going to happen.
I'd have to be so hammered that yeah.
Cause I did that one time.
I slept on outside in the parking lot of an I hop waiting for it to open.
It was my graduation night.
Me and my friends all went and got fucking blind drunk.
Yeah.
They were all driving of course.
Cause that's what you did back then.
And we were,
there was four of us in my buddy's 79 t bird and we got to this,
this fucking,
I hop that was open 23 hours a day.
And when I won in Brighton,
I forget where it was off,
it was off of route one and one dog.
And there was one where they one hour they cleaned it up and we got there when
they were cleaning it up,
we were like,
what the fuck?
And I was just so I just wanted to lay down.
I was so tired and I went out and I laid down like between the parked cars,
his car.
You did?
Yeah.
And I laid down,
I remember I put my head on the,
on the asphalt and it hurts.
So I took my wallet out and I used that as the pillow like right on the back of
my head.
I just crossed my arms across my legs.
Oh my God.
The son woke me up in the sound of a family.
Oh go in.
And I woke up and all the,
like there was,
it was a two door coupe and uh,
both doors were wide open and we were just hammered drunk.
They might,
my two buddies were in the front seat passed out.
You know what they look like in Goodfellas when the two people get whacked in
the pink caddy.
They look like they were drunk and the,
my other buddy was laying across in the back seat and I was laying on the
ground.
Wow.
I had a lot of those.
I remember passing out somewhere down on the Cape,
on the side of a bluff leading down to the ocean.
Holy Shit.
Fucking hammered in this tall grass with like,
you know,
well,
they cut the grass until the grade gets so steep.
They weren't gonna bring up lawnmower down there.
We were just laying in the weeds and I just remember I woke up to this woman
being like,
and then the pilgrims came in and they leave.
Yeah.
And literally,
and I heard this girl go like,
oh mommy,
why are they sleeping now?
Is this phone?
Oh,
it was bad.
Yeah.
What happened was we were drinking and driving and my buddy got a flat and we
were so shit faced.
We needed to sober up to get the Jack and all of that shit.
And then the tour woke us up,
he had a VW Fox.
And I remember we,
we,
uh,
I put the Jack and I put it,
I didn't know what I was doing.
I didn't put it in under the frame.
I put it under his fee is like the,
the floor board or whatever.
And it just went like right through and I was like,
all right,
that's not it.
Like trying to find a stud in the wall.
And I finally got it on the frame and we were able to get the thing off,
but I had to bring it back down cause we didn't loosen the lug nuts first.
You know,
you don't want to do that when it's in the air because the fucking wheel turns,
uh,
yeah,
I got it.
That'd be a great photo album.
You know,
every,
all the places I passed out in
without them,
what it led to,
you know,
but you know,
it's funny what goes on in your mind.
I remember,
uh,
I did Letterman in two days later,
I was passed out in the bushes fucking fence because a mark Parenteau at this
party,
whatever.
And the guy was saying that guy was on Letterman the other night and he said,
the other guys said,
you know how when you pass out you can still hear voices?
Like you heard pilgrims?
He said that guy that fucking wine.
No.
And so I get up,
it was like humiliating if I was sober that Oh God.
So it didn't know any during any of those times during that whole time.
Was it because everybody was doing it that there was no thought of like,
I kind of need the load down
fix with doing it for Christ sakes,
you know?
Um,
but I,
I don't,
yeah,
that there is that part of you that there's a part of you that says something
not right about this shit.
Right.
But
what about like paying taxes and shit?
I'm like,
all you guys get your wages garnished because I,
everybody goes,
I know I true.
They used to pay you in like give you the option cocaine or the money?
No,
that was in Florida.
That was,
I did a gig down in Tampa.
Yeah.
Guy and like a guide said,
you know,
did you try it before?
You know,
I mean,
I didn't like this.
This doesn't feel like two 15 or so.
I was just
talk about not having
a business sense,
but the guy did a routine about it.
A guy named Joey from Chicago.
He says,
Oh yeah,
I'll,
I'll say that to my landlord.
I'm going to pay you any of the money of coke.
What did,
what would you like?
Um,
yeah,
it was,
you know,
I w I did morning radio for five years at Cox and I talked to guys that lived
through it all and we'd look at each other and say,
not amazing was still alive,
you know.
But I gotta tell you this,
you lose a lot of people.
Yeah.
Come on up there.
Was there a,
no,
not as bad now because I actually work in the field.
You probably don't know that.
I work in jails.
I do substance abuse counseling,
but there's an epidemic of the opioid stuff.
Does that going on out here?
It's going on all across the country.
I've actually,
I've had a,
I think three people either have lose somebody or have uh,
somebody that a kid they had to do an intervention on just in like the last
year.
And I lost a childhood friend to it from,
from back east or out here.
He got off it and then he uh,
ah,
man,
it was brutal.
He had a beautiful little five year old daughter.
I was just thinking about her the other day that she's got to be close to
graduating high school now.
He died a while ago.
Um,
and uh,
and that guy,
you know,
was one of the funniest people I've ever met because that's a funny thing.
When I go back and I run into like my friends from high school,
they will all his funny as I was sitting,
a lot of them were funny.
Like,
like,
just let like the balls they had,
the shit that they did.
Well that's another thing,
like when you said character.
Yeah.
That word like in Charleston and put guy was crazy.
That was a good thing.
Yeah.
Oh,
he's a crazy past that.
He'll do anything.
Yeah.
I always looked at it like there was people like when they come up to me like,
dude,
I was fucking funny.
And then you,
why the fuck are you blah blah blah.
And it's like,
dude,
you gotta understand man.
Like I'm the guy that tells the story your the story.
Okay.
I,
you know,
I didn't,
pedestrian,
stupid juvenile shit,
but these guys did stuff where you would just like,
what tough.
I like to the point,
I still don't tell,
I tell him off air to you,
but just some of the shit that I saw some of these guys do.
Um,
I mean there's one classic story when,
uh,
I'm not gonna,
I'm not gonna name any names of where the fuck we were,
but we went to a college party and two of my friends are going to,
cause I'm not naming anything.
Okay.
All right.
So it wasn't the college that I went to cause that's on my Wikipedia.
If you heard the story,
you know,
it wasn't the calls I went to.
Okay.
So what,
anyway,
uh,
two of my friends decide to leave and it was like an off campus apartment
building and there was this party upstairs that they went to.
Okay.
And they leave and I swear to God,
like they came back 10 minutes later,
one of them had a separated shoulder and a bloody lip and the other one had a
gash right on top of his head.
He had a flat top.
So you could see the blood,
like a gash going from the,
like the top of his head right down to his forehead.
Oh my God.
And we will like to,
what the fuck?
What the fuck happened?
Right.
And,
uh,
they all,
we just,
we just walked through this part and everybody beat the shit out of us.
So we all fucking storm up there.
Right.
That's war fighting words.
And the dude leading us,
I swear to God,
he was a bouncer and he had like a mouthpiece,
like a mouth guard and he would put this fuck it.
There was a funny thing cause he,
cause he was exciting.
He very excited to go to square off with people when you put the mouth guard in
and we'd like psych them out.
Right.
Wow.
So he's leading us up there and sweet.
We march up the stairs and we hear the party and he knocks on the door in the
most innocent voice ever.
He goes,
excuse me,
is,
is there a party in there?
And they opened the door and like 12 angry men come in.
Right.
And just start swinging.
Dude,
I'd never forget because it was on those old brownstones,
just the sound of the wood floors of all that stuff around.
Yeah.
Just,
okay.
Goes down in about fucking 30 seconds.
Smoke clears.
And I'm sizing this up as drunk as I am.
And there's like fucking four guys and four women in there and like a board game
that's been like tipped over and stuff.
We're kind of like looking like what do we went to the wrong party.
Oh,
the real party.
Oh No,
they were just like on like a date night and,
and the will know.
Yes.
And the real party,
we didn't put it together until,
cause we like who fucking smashed a bottle.
We were idiots.
And then the real party was all the way upstairs.
And here's the funny thing,
they were locking the ironic thing,
they were rich kids and they sued both of my friends there.
They had like,
you know,
big time lawyer parents and they sued them and Oh,
I remember we,
I forgot part of the story.
My buddy,
we popped his shoulder back in and he went up there and he fucking threw a punch
with the same arm and missed,
popped it out again.
I'll never forget.
I remember seeing him at my feet flopping around like a fish.
He was in so much pain and afterwards we were like,
dude,
why the fuck did you,
why the fuck didn't you throw with your left and steady your right?
He goes,
he goes,
I wanted this arm to get its revenge.
So fucking like,
and that once again on,
wow,
that sounds like comedy.
But he was such a character.
Like he was,
he was serious.
Like,
and I just remember all my friends back then would just,
um,
looking back at them.
What character?
Like that fucking kid with the mouthpiece,
the fucking mouthpiece.
I never heard of that ever.
It wasn't like a full on one where he covers tea.
It was something he liked.
He liked bit down on like,
so if someone gave him like an uppercut,
his,
his teeth wouldn't smash together.
See the way you looking at me.
I see you had a lot of fights.
Like you are a fighter.
Yeah,
no,
I enjoy these stories but,
but the,
the,
the part of the story where you went to the wrong party,
it was like,
oh my God.
But no,
I,
uh,
I had a fantastic fascination with all of this.
I got in my share of fights,
I would say my record was maybe two wins in three losses
and yeah,
and then a break 23 to know you.
You weren't good at it?
No,
I,
I was,
I did.
Okay.
I wasn't formidable,
but
they did okay until about sixth grade and then all of a sudden everybody hit
their growth spurt and I hit puberty late and then all of a sudden I needed to
get,
what is the worst feeling that I needed to,
I needed to fucking get funny fast.
You know,
you know what is there,
what is the worst feeling
then you're in the sixth grade that makes you,
what,
1415 something?
1314,
13 guy offers you out the beginning of the day.
So he's spending the whole dots.
And then there was bills.
Oh my God.
And I was like,
okay.
It was the crowd that psych me out more.
I wasn't very good,
but weird thing happened to me.
Then I,
uh,
I lost the fear of taking a beaten and then I was good,
but,
well,
how did,
how does that happen?
Well if my father used to train fighters,
so anyway,
and he never taught me anything,
but I took boxing in high school with this guy,
you eat Duffy and we,
it was Boston English.
So it was a funny thing because he'd always say there's no such thing as a
punched one fighter.
He saw it sounded like Mick and rocky and then when the bell would ring to
change classic work.
Anyway,
so you get in the ring with this guy who was an old guy at the time and he would
just pummel you.
He would just pummel you and then you find out,
okay,
I can take it and you have the head gear.
But uh,
I used to love to like be a spectator or those things.
There were fights in Charleston that were unbelievable.
They were up there like,
what do you know the movie,
the quiet man,
John Wayne.
He fights white from county to count on and on and on.
So in Charleston there were fights from courtyard to court,
yet to kids like Jackie McDougall,
he had a left torque that would just knock people out in the seat bite.
And this guy,
Ronnie Pool.
And then there was this kid,
Paul Troy,
he met on the bridge with this at Titan Kid.
And so that was north end verse Charles Stock for people not from Boston.
You can just base it all the Italians and all the Irish.
And I was telling this,
I'm one of the other podcasts.
So there was a group fight.
So you go over there and,
um,
being an Irish,
you know,
part of being Irish is that you don't have any emotions,
right?
Isn't that true?
And usually,
and you know that you got German and Irish,
so,
wow.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah.
There's a,
there's a joke in England is like,
what's an English girl without a sense of humor,
a German,
you know,
they're just yes,
just for us.
So anyway,
you lined up with this kid from the north end and uh,
you just looking at them and they're so fucking unbelievable,
you know,
with the voice and the gestures and then know what they're gonna do.
I'm gonna take you a fucking here.
I'm gonna.
What are you fucking come me.
I'm gonna rip your fucking Irish whiskey based fucking everybody and you're just
kind of watching,
you know,
when you're an actor,
which you are this part of your doing and part of watching and then you forget,
shit,
I'm in a flight,
I'm supposed to fight.
Right.
What are you thinking as you're going over that bridge?
Because this is just normal.
Charlestown know one.
I'll tell you something.
I'm going to be honest with you.
Every time you go on into this,
if you had Mike Tyson on your show.
No,
I think Rogan has,
I'm,
I'm not as big as him.
No,
he said the same thing.
It's all fear.
It's all fear,
you know,
then,
then what happens?
And then it starts and then you just survival.
Cause I,
cause I intimate.
That's when I,
I started like when you played the Boston Gardens,
right as I have,
I did comics come home and I did,
uh,
yeah,
he had one of the best sense everyone.
So
you're on your way up the stairs to the gardens,
right?
So this fear,
Did you feel afraid?
Nervous?
Um,
what did I feel?
I felt,
uh,
I didn't feel it on my show because they came to see me,
but on comics come home.
Yeah.
That's like Leary's thing and Neeley's thing.
So it's just like,
and everybody swinging for the fences,
so the later you go,
yeah,
it's,
I feel like pressure is what I feel.
All right.
So,
well let me make two points there.
When I got on stage,
it was like,
this is unbelievable.
No one's looking at me.
They all look at the screens.
Have you noticed that weird?
Even the people down front?
Yeah.
They're looking at the screens.
So I said,
no,
I can relax this.
Nobody fucking looking at me even though there's 17,000 of them.
But that's the feeling,
you know what I mean?
But like,
I don't know why we're talking about this,
but because it's where I started.
But I think,
I think it's that,
I think it's that primal thing of like you could get killed,
you know,
and that's real.
You could get killed them.
Okay.
That's,
and that's when I lost,
I lost my heart when,
when,
when guys want to guys got,
um,
past a certain size,
they got bigger and then like I started seeing blood and teeth getting knocked
out shit and just people getting pummeled and coming back was swollen faces and
I was just like,
Hey,
I wanted to,
I don't want to do that.
I didn't want to do.
And also I,
I,
I was an angry enough kid where it's like I don't want to tap in.
I don't want to become that.
I don't,
I number one was fear.
I don't want that done to me.
But I also,
I just didn't want to like,
uh,
you know,
I just,
these guys and I was just like,
I was just playing fucking nerf football with this guy.
Here it is,
three years later he starting to be able to grow sideburns and he has a court
case and it's just like,
wow,
like what the fuck happened?
And like this guy,
we would trade in football cards so can fucking eaten on that fucking stale gum
that they gave you.
And then let's just this guy,
this guy has to go to court,
you know?
So it just became like,
you know,
it's funny,
the great I was in though was really,
we were like a cool grade lawyer where like the popular kids,
by the end of it,
the popular kids were hanging out with the burnouts and the athletes,
everybody was just sorta just,
we will fund.
But the great above me in the grade below me were fucking lunatics.
They will own it.
That's what happened
in Charlestown.
Yeah.
My generation,
they were okay.
Pretty much.
Uh,
well not exactly okay by terms of like society because Bubba Bubba for
Charlestown involvement below fucking bank,
Robyn armored cars,
the whole thing.
But let me ask you something that I've never asked anyone else,
cause this is how my mind works.
I'll think of an incident that happened many years ago and I'll say to myself,
I really should have given that guy a dope slap.
Do you ever think of that?
Yeah.
Like somebody insults you and you're just sort of remember it.
No.
Uh,
but I've,
I've fortunately got to the,
but I always,
but it always comes out best if you don't,
if you don't.
Yeah.
Well I remember there was a guy who was a fucking asshole to me.
My perception of the business.
Yeah.
Cause there's a lot in this.
So this,
this was my,
uh,
and wild.
What he really did was he just made a wise ass comment and all I should have
done was break his balls back.
Yeah.
But I didn't know too.
And I,
I took it personal.
Yeah.
And uh,
he also fucking didn't pay me for a Gig.
So I redwood city one that,
uh,
I don't like cause people are gonna figure out who the fuck it is.
I'll tell Ya,
I'll tell you off here.
All right.
Okay.
So I just remember I was just like,
you know,
I fucked up mother fucker someday.
I'm gonna fuck you.
I'm Candace,
I'm going to get here and he's going to come up to me and act like he's my
friend and I'm going to tell that guy to go fuck himself and blah blah.
So anyway,
the speech.
Yeah.
We all have this,
oh,
I'm going to,
I'm going to fucking give him my on a piece of my mind.
Right.
So I remember years later I booked an acting gig and I was doing all right.
And he came walking by and goes,
hey,
I heard about La Vegas.
Congratulations.
Seriously man,
fucking congratulations.
I was just like,
oh yeah,
thanks a lot.
And he walked away and then it just dawned on me,
it was just like,
oh wait,
that was the moment he was going to come up to me.
No,
I actually thought like,
Huh,
I don't even give a shit.
Oh Wow.
And I learned something about life where I was just like,
you know,
I,
I've had these moments where there's been this person that's,
you know,
in,
in my mind is in front of me and is blocking my way to get through the next door
to move up.
And I just realized after awhile that like,
I don't need the fight.
This guy,
I just have to keep,
I got to go inward and just keep getting better and keep this guy,
this guy is not in my way.
Yeah.
He's not in my way.
I am doing my thing.
Okay.
And this guy's being a cunt,
but the,
the,
he's not going to be,
I just kept picturing myself just going up and up and up and up and up like a
balloon and I'm just going to go right up and over this look,
I,
you know,
I'm not,
I don't need to fucking sit here and because I would watch guys and I did a two,
but I would watch guys get derailed by that and all that energy that you could
be using to build up what you're doing.
You're plotting and scheming and bad mouth in and doing all of this shit and
then that guy is in your way.
But if you don't react to it,
then he's fighting a,
you know,
what do they call it?
A one way war,
one sided war or something like that.
Um,
yeah,
there was a Latino,
there was all those fucking guys when you came up,
those guys,
I try to get you to be loyal just to their club and if you worked at other club,
I'm not fucking balloon.
It's like,
all right,
well then what are you paying me?
Yeah,
cause this is my nut every month.
Right.
You know,
I remember this,
this fucking jerk off,
uh,
down at the,
this,
I will say that down at the comedy connection,
uh,
and the comedy connection had the place in Boston,
which was the flagship,
and then they had the one down in Providence,
the old bank.
Right.
Which I think still exist.
New ownership too.
So I'm not shitting on the people that are there.
God bless them.
I hope they sell at all this shows this year.
Right?
So this is back in the day.
So I went down there and I was working with Rick Dalea Wright and Rick to Leah
hosts.
I go up and I middle,
um,
and then I forget who fucking million Billy Martin or somebody closed and a,
so I go to get my check from them and I,
they gave me hosting money.
So for people listening,
you know,
the host gets paid,
this feature gets a little more than the headline.
It gets the lion's share.
So that they gave me hosts money and I,
you know,
as a feature,
you do more time than the house so you should get more money.
So I called the guy up,
he's like,
Hey,
what's going on?
I was like,
yeah,
I,
uh,
I featured on that show down in providence.
You gave me a host money.
He goes,
oh no,
no,
no.
He goes,
you co hosted,
he like invented this term.
He said,
I cohosted so I got,
no,
he didn't cohosting would have been if me and Dalea went on stage at the same
time,
like the smothers brothers.
He fucking warmed them up and then brought me up and walked off and I did my
fucking 20 minutes.
And so then after that,
I never played the club again for awhile because he kept calling me up.
You available.
Of course.
I just kept saying,
I'm not available.
That was a passive aggressive way.
I did it cause I was still nervous cause he's still booked Boston.
But then he said to me,
he goes,
what days are you available?
And I was like,
all right,
I gotta bite the laws.
You're up.
Oh my God,
I'm fucking available this Thursday.
All right,
we're going to put you down in Providence.
I said,
what?
What do you got to?
Yeah,
go.
You got me co this is my big line.
Back then when I thought it was fun,
I was like,
what do you got me cohost and for a twinkie?
And he kind of fucking laughed.
And then,
um,
cause I talked to Patrice about it.
I just stood my ground.
I was like,
dude,
I can't go down there.
Yeah.
I just,
I'm not trying to be a jerk here,
but I can't
as,
as a,
as a feature,
I can't go down there and feature and then have you pay me host money.
It's like you're managing a club.
What if they gave you waitress money?
Right.
And said,
oh you co waitresses.
Exactly.
But,
but it's interesting too because,
and then I didn't work for a while.
Yeah,
there you go.
There you go.
But you know,
I,
I try to like not tell the stories cause I get upset and keeps it alive.
But there's a guy who screwed me,
whose names rhymes with Third Reich and then there's first name rhymes,
rhymes with groom.
Anyway,
so,
uh,
I ended up suing them and I won and everything.
And you know,
I,
uh,
I'm like you though,
because there's a tendency when I relive the story to get all pissed off and I
think that's what kept me down a lot,
right?
It's those stories that I would tell myself.
And then one day,
and I also,
my drug of choice was telling people to go fuck themselves.
I,
I fantasized about it.
I love doing it.
I,
it's so fun in the moment.
The fallout sucks,
but it's so fun in the mall.
It's a,
yeah,
it is.
It's a wonderful thing,
you know,
like you get to do it.
But my mind is so full of movies that it's always clean in a movie.
It doesn't come out like,
fuck you.
You know,
because when I get angry,
you were talking about fighting early.
I lose all control and it becomes white and crazy.
And,
and I did get to tell him to go fuck himself.
As a matter of fact.
And it,
it didn't give me the satisfaction that I was hoping I would,
you know.
So now like you,
I say life.
Life is two things.
Life is short and life's of gifts,
you know,
and you wake up everyday,
you got to pinch yourself where you are right now.
I mean,
I mean not the outside things.
You've got a kid,
you've got a wife,
you go help them.
And that's the way I feel.
I mean,
look at me fucking you shouldn't me,
I got to tell you something that I haven't told anybody and I'm going to be
shitting me.
What the fuck?
Look at me.
Oh fuck.
I'm alive.
Right.
But I gotta tell you something that I haven't told anybody
until this trip with this movie.
And uh,
and with Joe too,
you know,
with everything with this movie,
I really,
I would've spent the rest of my days thinking,
I just,
you know,
I did my thing in Boston and that was it.
And then the reception I've gotten from guys like you and guys coming up that I
meant something to them.
My God.
Yeah.
But,
but I never knew that and I,
and I never thought about that and I never considered that.
So it's been like,
that's probably been the best part of this whole thing is like,
well,
like when I went to the Improv,
because agents are always going to talk,
they're going to find something about you that will keep you in your fucking
place,
you know?
And they'd say,
oh,
he's regional,
he's all this shit.
And that's what this movie's about,
by the way.
Uh,
but then when I see guys like yourself to so successful,
he's still even remember who I am and I'm not being falsely modest,
you know?
But,
but that's how I feel is like,
because this is what you mean to me,
the fact I can't believe you,
you're on my podcast,
Adam,
that you talk to me like I'm a peer and this how big you are to me and the fact
that I actually have your cell phone number and then you called me the other day
going like,
so we still good for fucking noon on Wednesday.
And I was just like,
I just talked to Steve Sweeney.
Oh well you know what that is.
It's just like,
it's,
it's the people that like,
uh,
cause you know,
you don't just become a comedian.
Like you could just end up working in a factory,
you can end up working at a bank or something like,
Oh man,
I'm not saying shitting on those jobs,
but I'm just saying this is like something,
this is like a passion.
So when you guys building the scene in all of that made it possible.
Because I literally thought if I wanted to be a comedian before I knew anything
that I had to move to la or New York,
like I,
it just seemed like a million miles away.
And then somebody finally told me that you can just sign up for an open mic down
the street.
And then I went in and then I got into this whole world of like,
and you know,
and then the history,
like who started this?
And it's like,
oh he's fucking five guys started that.
The thing hoe with a Chinese restaurant,
there were no clubs.
Yeah.
And it's like,
and they don't have day jobs now.
They just tell jokes,
Donovan,
Mike Donovan,
all of those guys.
And I was just like,
oh yeah,
but one of my favorite lines ever in anybody's act,
it was a throw away line that Donovan used and it was so specific to Boston when
he was talking about some disgruntled guy at work and he was yelling,
he was given this boss Shit back,
give them the bosses like Eh.
So he was giving it back to me.
He goes,
hey,
I'll fucking blah blah.
He goes,
I'll take a fucking 20 minutes shit on the clock.
And I remember there was a guy,
I worked in a warehouse and he did that every morning.
He would go in and they would be like the Roach croach would show up and he
would eat something.
And then like clockwork,
a half an hour later,
he grabbed the herald of the globe and he would slowly walk to the bathroom and
he wasn't even shit and do,
he would just be sitting there.
How long does it take to take a shit?
He'd be in there for a fucking half hour every day and that's why he's still
feel self thankful for this job because he,
it's like the days it'd become mundane.
He hated the job that,
that,
that the thing that he looked forward to,
we sit,
do you sit on a toilet that long,
your legs fall asleep.
He would fucking sit there and say,
when we would do,
we would start going in.
We were going to give him like 10 minutes so the smell would go away and be
like,
funny.
Yeah.
This Guy Joe Joe,
he's still taking that shit man.
And he'd be like,
fucking,
his catch phrase was,
I don't give a fuck.
I had a job
in a factory commerce rubber.
I'll never forget this.
It was a factory and the fumes I'm showing my lungs were all screwed up front.
Yeah.
But I was on an assembly line literally in front of a clock.
So you'd say to yourself,
I'm not going to look up.
I'm not going to look up then.
Now I can look up cause I've waited so long and you think it's two hours.
It's like 10 minutes.
But you know I the way you feel about some of the guys that started,
I met Al Pachino and I was like,
because I'm an actor,
you know,
it's like this part of me talking on.
And then another partner talking to fucking Al Pachino.
I like when I worked with George Carlin,
you know,
and they was at like,
I never got to amazing.
Amazing.
Because he let you relax.
He helps you relax so you could,
and then when he respects your work,
it's like,
are you kidding me?
But I was,
I could see him like with his style,
liking your style.
Brilliant,
brilliant man.
Very,
very light.
Very deep.
Same time he,
we took a car from Portland,
Maine to Boston and he named all the constellations.
He was always like curious,
you know,
and I just love,
I would walk him,
go on stage.
You wrote in a car with George fucking car?
Oh yeah.
And,
uh,
he rented the car and I kept it a week late.
Mike Clark was saying,
you're going to bring that car back.
And I said,
well,
I'm still using it.
It's like,
you know what I mean?
He was paying for it.
Yeah.
And,
uh,
Eve,
I know what's wrong with me.
I was just,
I was kind of out of it,
you know?
Oh,
you were partying?
No,
I was just sort of a flake,
you know,
and it wasn't focused.
And
um,
that goes a little beyond not returning a rental car.
Flaking is being fucking an hour late for an appointment.
And even the rent a car for a week.
I know he's very inconsiderate.
If I was in my right mind,
I wouldn't do it.
But,
and I don't know what came over me.
I couldn't get up.
I had a problem getting out.
That's why I guess I'm depressed,
you know?
You know what I've been thinking lately.
Maybe I'm bipolar.
Really.
You don't strike me as that.
Well,
I can say that having no medical degree at all,
you can say whatever you want.
It's like in Aa,
you know,
there's all kinds of people that give legal advice,
doctor's advice,
and they work as iron workers if I can plummet.
Yeah.
Dumper.
You know,
counseling,
family counseling.
Yeah.
Dump La.
[inaudible].
Yeah,
so I told her the other day,
there's plenty,
there's plenty of fish in the sea.
Well,
I want this fish.
Wow.
Fuck that.
I'll never forget one thing or another.
Wife get up fucking another.
I remember one time I was on a retreat,
yoga retreat,
and I was feeling really open and connected and I'd said to a friend,
I said,
I want to talk.
And he said,
not about that feel and shit as it so,
well
you're fighting.
Then he says,
you find yourself,
you find anybody else the FAC.
Oh yeah,
no,
it's so well done.
You attitude is like California sacks.
You ever been there?
No,
I don't fucking have to go there.
You know,
dude,
I have a friend of mine.
Yeah,
he calls me up.
He's from back east and he
calls me because he misses me and he wants to talk to me,
but he's so east coast,
he can't say it,
so he has to gay bash me for the first minute of the phone call.
Like I'll pick up the phone.
Hey Man,
what's going on?
Eh?
What's up?
[inaudible] I'm like,
yeah,
I'm out here in La.
Oh yeah,
you sucking cock for a fucking pat.
He still does that.
I'm like,
AH,
no.
I'm just,
uh,
just,
just driving down the street and for the whole first minute is just me rubbing
somebody balls are taking it in the ass to get somewhere and a,
and I always just always say,
it sounds like it's almost become like this running joke that he's just going to
gay bash me and then be like,
yeah,
go.
Oh,
so you're saying you miss me?
I Dude,
you know I love you.
You didn't watching the fucking Bruins,
dude.
It's fucking crazy,
right kid.
I think they're going to do it.
I got a buddy knows the Bruins were going to drink out of the fucking cup kid,
you know,
it just then just kind of goes into this thing.
But like,
so now it's this weird thing that when he does that,
yeah,
this is a kid you grew up.
Yeah.
So when he does that now it's like,
as he's saying it,
I'm just laughing and I get this warm feeling like this is his way of saying I
love you and I miss you by saying,
are you sucking Dick out there to get to where the fuck you gotta be?
I know.
Yeah.
There's,
there's moments.
I remember at my mother's funeral,
this kid Teddy Ryan was there and Stevie text Sierra and Stevie techs here,
this isn't my mother's funeral right now.
40 years earlier,
Teddy Ryan had fumbled on the one yard line and Stevie Texiera said to him,
you didn't hold the ball the right way.
You know how you hold the ball and football.
I said,
I thought that was so funny.
You know,
and my friend Richie say too,
I grew up with,
every time he sees me he calls me cheap.
I'm the anybody know than the other.
But when we were like 12,
he paid for something.
Hey,
can I go?
It's over.
Can I go to the bathroom and then we can continue?
Yeah,
we gotta wrap it up cause the whole lot.
So sorry.
Know we've got right here and an okay.
All right.
Leave them wanting more.
Well,
I got to talk to you for like,
do it like a nine part episode.
So the,
the film is called Yes.
Sweetening,
killing Sweeney.
It's on Amazon and it's on iTunes.
And you really gonna like it.
I'm watching it tonight.
All right,
I get your phone number.
I'll actually get the texts you about,
dude,
I,
uh,
listen,
I'm going to spend a thrill.
I'm going to embarrass you.
Okay.
Oh Jesus.
No compliments.
What are you talking about?
Feelings you fucking Cock sucker in fucking crack.
Second,
there's only two feelings.
Anger and rage.
That's it.
I'm very proud of you.
You've done,
you've done great.
Good for you and not,
and not just because he his success because he a life,
you know,
you've got a wife,
you've got a kid,
you're doing what you love to do.
And uh,
that's why guys like that call you,
you know,
they,
they're proud of you.
And so when they say something,
it means more than you know,
somebody
who just met you that says,
Oh yeah,
you're great.
Belly,
Jesus,
Billy.
Well that means the world to me doing this was this was an absolute thrill to
have you on.
And this is not the only time cause I want to,
I want to be great.
Yeah.
About Charleston,
right?
Sweeney kill in Sweden,
the great,
the King of Boston comedy.
Steve Sweeney,
thank you for listening.
All right,
a little bit of advertising here.
Oh,
simply say 10 years ago,
home security stunk.
It felt like companies went out of their way to make your life miserable with
long contracts.
You never knew what you'd pay.
And they made your rewire your whole home.
This was normal kid.
You believe it not now,
then come simply safe.
They come along and totally transform home security.
They did everything right.
No matter what their wives say,
they built a patter system and they treat you right.
Simply safe stands up to the unexpected from burglars to blizzards to blackout
simply safe as 24 seven professional monitoring,
monitoring and police dispatch everything to keep your home safe.
It's a PC mag readers choice and a wire cutter top pick and it won seanet
editor's choice twice,
not once,
but twice.
They went in next year.
They got a dynasty and simply safe makes your life easy.
There's no contract,
no hidden fees and no rewiring of your home.
3 million people are protected by simply safe already and not one of them is
locked into a contract.
Checkout simply safe for yourself.
Visit simply safe bird.com and you'll get shipping.
You get free shipping and free returns plus a 60 day money back trial.
That's simply safe.
S I m P L I safe bird.com so,
so they know I sent you simply safe.com no,
simply save bird.com dollar shave club.
Do you know it's easy to get caught up in your daily routine.
Get up shaven,
staring in the mirror wondering what happened to your dreams,
feeling like you're on autopilot.
That's something you forget to take care of that.
Then what?
That sometimes you forget to take care of yourself.
I don't know what I'm saying here.
Well Dallas Shay Club makes it easy to take care of yourself.
When that happens.
They're quality products help you look,
feel and smell your best.
You can get everything you need from dollar shave club without going to the
Stila.
Their executive razor shave butter and face cleanser is the best way to refresh
your morning routine.
And as amazing as this shave stuff is,
dollar shave club is way more than just razors.
They have everything,
body wash,
shampoo,
toothpaste,
you name it,
they have it.
Dollar Shave club has spent years developing,
crafting and refining their products so you know they're going to be great and
right now you can get a dollar shave club's status set for just $5 it comes with
everything you need for a great shave.
The executive razor shave butter and face cleanser.
Uh,
you're going to love it as much as I do.
Get your status set for just bucks at a dollar.
Shave club.com/bro.
That's dollar shave
club.com/burr
[inaudible]. [inaudible]
Hey,
what's going on?
It's built burn.
It's the Monday morning podcast from Monday,
May 23rd,
2011 o g g a.
Um,
as you can tell I'm sick.
I got sick.
Huh?
You like that shit.
Do you feel better about your life in a little fucking area that you've carved
out in it?
Ah,
does that make you look at Mr snuggle bear that you have hang up from your
fucking cubicle and make you feel better?
Well,
I hope it does feel like I didn't feel like shit.
I just feel like my fucking throat,
it's just all raspy.
I did eight shows at Caroline's comedy club.
You probably wonder why bill,
why would one man do eight hours of comedy?
Well,
I'll tell you why.
Because we fucking put him up for sale and everybody bought tickets and we
started adding more and those all sold out.
I felt like a big shot.
Oh,
it was a fucking big shot,
but you know.
Ah,
fuck.
Okay.
Is it going to be a rough one?
People?
I've been flying all over them.
I've had six flights in the last 15 fucking days.
This last one was my final one.
I'm going on vacation,
vacation,
vacation next week,
five fucking glorious days.
Glorious days.
I'm going to go to Hampton beach and fuck in a New Hampshire.
Got To get myself some fried dough.
I'm going to pick a tattoo off of the wall.
I'm going to slap my girl around and I'm going to do what you do on Hampton
beach.
Five fucking glorious days.
I'm sticking my toes in the water and that's what I'm doing.
That's what I'm doing.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm just gonna keep repeating shit on this podcast so I could somehow make it be
a fucking hour long.
I'll just sing everything I just said,
you know,
so I can make it an hour long.
Okay.
I'm Jessica to sing everything I just said,
ah,
fuck.
Ah,
Jesus.
This is,
these are the days I wish I had an assistant.
Hey,
you know,
what do you,
what's been going on in your week,
Mike?
Oh,
fuck it too.
I,
um,
the married guy on this show and then he throws it back to me.
Artaud I don't know how you'd do it.
I'll look at them.
They're opposites.
Just like Mike and Mike,
one guy's in the bleachers,
the other guy are,
he's fucking right near the action.
And then the bleacher guys always more real,
you know.
Oh,
look at me.
I'm so fucking real.
Rarely.
Like you're not fucking taking your dick out and jerking it,
deploying your fat.
Fuck,
I'm not buying it for a second.
You're not more real.
You just have poor dietary choices.
All right,
your tub of shit.
Um,
that had nothing to do with those two guys had to do with the fact that I need
to get my fucking energy going.
If I'm going,
if I'm going to do a podcast,
I'm going to,
I've got one more show people.
I had eight Caroline's,
I got one right now.
Let me plow through this crap.
What are we going to talk about this week?
What in God's name we're going to talk about this week.
I have no fucking idea.
How about Lance Armstrong?
Why don't we talk about that?
You know
what the fuck did lance do?
The guy passed 500 drug tests like 10 fucking years ago.
It's over.
How are you going to catch him now?
You know you're going to catch them.
Douche bag of the week is fucking team made.
It goes on 60 minutes in his fucking ratting them out.
Do you know much pussy that guy's gotten in his lifetime?
Cause he knows Lance Armstrong and now all of a sudden the pussy trades over
policy train is fucking over.
So now what he's doing,
he's,
he's playing the last car he has to play.
Just like the fucking chick on the side.
Who knows you're married,
thinks you're going to leave your wife.
And then that one fateful day when she realizes not only you're not going to
leave,
you're not going to give her any money to go pay for a fucking shoes.
So she plays her last God damn car.
She goes on TV and she chose our,
I've been sucking his dick for the last 10 fucking years.
Becomes a best selling author,
you know,
gets her name etched in right next to fucking Ernest Hemingway
like she's
anywhere near that guy's level.
Probably sells even more books.
All the dump constant.
This fucking society.
Can I use that word?
I didn't want to shit on this country.
MMM.
Yeah.
What the fuck is what?
This ass off.
I didn't even,
I only saw the beginning of the interview.
They're saying that you know,
because he was forced
under oath.
Under oath.
He's been forced to some shit.
I don't know what it is that he has to tell the truth.
No yet doubt.
Yeah,
they weren't there.
I didn't see,
I never saw him do it.
Sergeant.
That's it.
What do you want me to do?
I'm not making up anything.
What a fucking asshole that guy is.
That guy's a fucking all right.
This has nothing to do with Lance Armstrong.
This has to do with France not liking our foreign policy.
That's what it has to do with it has to do with them in general,
not liking Americans and has to do with them in general.
Being rude comments to anybody goes over to the Paris to buy a fucking croissant
.
They gotta be assholes,
you know,
been going after this guy forever cause he's over there winning the Tour de
France.
They can't fucking handle it.
That are drugged up.
Guy Is beating your drugged up guy.
What are you going to do?
You gonna take his fucking titles away and who are you going to give them too?
You know,
you can't ride a bike 30 miles an hour up a fucking mountain without being on
something for a month straight.
I could see if he had to get medicine for somebody that you loved and they were
going to die,
I think you could have a burst of adrenaline and you could fucking do that.
All right?
But you can't do it for a month.
Look,
all these fucking guys are,
take it something in every God damn sport.
All right?
All you need to do is just go stretch,
workout a little bit and go and go play some touch football.
All right?
In your 20s and 30s and let me know how you feel the next fucking day you're
going to feel absolutely fucking horrific.
All right,
these guys play it at a professional level.
How?
How do you play NFL football?
How do you play that for fucking 15 goddamn tape?
You're playing tackle football.
Really?
How about you youngsters out there?
Have you done that?
If you'd done that dumb move yet in your early twenties you still think you're
in your teens or whatever and you're thinking and to go out and go play tackle
football.
You can't fucking do it.
These guys play it at a professional level.
They get hit by guys like Ray Lewis.
Then they got to get up off the ground and continue to play and then they got a
fucking practice on Tuesday and do it again.
15 more fucking times.
What are you gonna take?
A Fred Flintstone vitamin and an aspirin.
They're all on drugs.
There's sacrifice in their bodies to entertain us.
It's fucking ridiculous.
I can't believe his fucking tee.
I would never do that shit.
I would never fucking do that to somebody.
You're under oath.
Am I okay?
What do you want to know?
He's the greatest guy ever.
Thanks to him.
I got to be on a championship fucking team.
He put shit in his body.
He didn't even know what the fuck it was.
Also,
we could win.
Oh,
the French pussy.
We got
MERCI.
Boku Lance Armstrong
going on 60 minutes.
I always saw the first two minutes of a typical meal.
I haven't watched the whole thing,
but was he like acting like it was a struggle to rat him out?
I really don't want to do this,
but I have to,
you know,
probably happen.
They probably confiscated as hard drive.
Right.
And they found some sort of freaky shit.
They got something or they sent some hor around the way,
you know?
And he's in the fucking fruit section in the guide Dan Grocery store,
and she comes over and starts rubbing his balls right.
Bags them in some fucking hotel room in our apartment.
They got all the video.
They got him.
All right.
What's it going to be?
Your family and your marriage or are you gonna Throw Lance under the bus?
Come on.
I know.
It's hard.
It's okay if you cry,
do the right thing,
but booking you on 60 minutes next week.
Go out there and go,
fucking ran out.
Your friend ran out,
your friend,
your friend guy gets you all their policy.
You know people who in seven years of one in the Tour de France.
Okay.
Taught a fraud.
Right?
The tall they flow.
Okay.
The people in his little fucking pack,
they probably got more pussy than Goddamn American soldiers who liberated that
country and get Hitler the fuck out of there.
Okay.
Do you understand that?
Because the American soldiers,
they were probably there.
You know the bike race,
there was seven years of dominance,
seven years of pussy,
right?
The American soldiers on the other hand,
they kicked those motherfuckers out.
That was it.
They didn't do it seven years in a row.
God knows you're probably there seven days before some big fucking meet handed.
Douchebags said something stupid in one of those French broads,
grabbed her tits or whatever.
And then the whole fucking thing was over.
He ruined,
he ruined it.
He ruined it for everyone else.
Douche bag of the week.
That fucking that fucking cunt
on Lance Armstrong's,
he went on 60 minutes and ratted him out.
You know psycho was all these years watching the goddamn frogs over there trying
to prove that this guy was a bad guy and they just couldn't fucking do it and
then he retires.
Then I'm like,
it's over.
The door is closed.
It's fucking over
those.
I,
you know what I will give it.
I will give the French people this.
You are some persistent sons of bitches,
you know?
Is it all the time you save every morning not putting deodorant on that you
actually focused on this case,
that you will finally able to get this guy to fucking roll over on his friend?
Is there anything more fucking tragic than watching a friend tell on another
friend?
Just fucking kid wasn't raised right.
All right.
I swear to God,
if that was my son,
I don't know what I would do.
I would just,
why are you doing this to him?
He did it.
I don't give a fuck if he did it.
That's not what this is about.
You think those other preps weren't doing it?
Do the Germans run at Bryant ride a bike in that race?
They too,
don't they?
Yeah.
What is their fucking track record?
Half the fucking women in East Germany could bench press the entire fucking USA
cycling team.
You mother fucker.
Do you know what happened to me and your mother when we went to Paris that time
we were all excited.
We wanted to see the Mona Lisa.
They treated us like dirt.
Get Out of my sight.
You've shaved me.
You've shaved our name.
Oh,
don't give me that.
You went on TV like a badge.
Running your fucking mouth.
Get Out.
Fuck.
I knew there was something wrong with you.
Yeah.
I was sick of riding a bicycle when I was eight.
First Time I fucking saw pick up that chick's dress.
That was it.
It's all booze and policy.
While it was funny,
it was until I met you stay out of this.
It's just mad stuff.
You fucking wet to get off.
You went on TV.
Yeah,
and you've read it out your friend.
What the fuck did I to allow those times?
I sat you down
and I told you no matter what happens,
you never tell on your friend.
All right,
handle that is shit yourself.
now go grab your fucking bike with your goddamn bitch as training wheels and get
the fuck out of my sight.
Okay?
Don't call me till the super bowl.
That's how I'd handle that one.
I Dunno why I give a shit.
Why do I give a fuck about a God damn bike race?
Okay,
I root for fucking people who do dumb shit.
What the fuck is with my computer?
Here we go.
All right,
so anyways.
Oh by the way,
people are probably wondering how the hell I got so God damn sick.
You know
who gets a fucking head cold in the middle of May?
I'll tell you who somebody out there busting their ass.
All right.
That's when you know you're working hard when you still get colds in the summer
and this summer or is it the spring?
I think it's still the spring.
Right?
With global warming.
Does it bump it up a little bit?
MMM.
No,
I fucking,
I've been flying all around.
I taped that episode of Glee out there and fucking New Mexico and I knew I was
going to get sick.
These fucking guy.
You are the amount of Shit I'm going to get when you see the fucking outfit.
They had me,
I swear to God they had me in this half shirt thing.
All right.
It's a comedy.
It's a fun,
just bracing you for it.
But it was windy.
We were outside doing this whole fucking routine and I s I was getting the
chills and I knew I was going to get sick and then I jumped on another and flew
to New York to do the fucking,
uh,
Keralites.
Right.
Okay.
So I'm on west coast time.
I land,
I got to get up at six in the morning,
which is three o'clock my fucking body clock time.
I run my mouth on the radio,
I go back,
quick nap or whatever,
whatever the fuck I gotta do.
And then I do the shows.
Then you wake up the next day you do it again.
They do two more shows already go to bed
and then you wake up and you're fucking sick.
Happens every goddamn time I was taking my vitamins or vitamins.
Is that,
was that what they say in England?
Oregano or a gun?
No.
Um,
all right.
What are we going to talk about this week?
Let's,
let's get into some advice people.
This is definitely going to be a short one.
All right.
Thank God for that fucking Douche or the week.
And I think I would've wrapped it up by now.
Oh,
let's talk fucking hockey man.
Two to Bruins lightening.
I hope you guys are watching the series.
It's been fucking awesome.
Um,
big shout out to all my friends on Twitter who are from Tampa.
You guys seem to enjoy it.
A lot of the things that I was sending out last week.
Fuck um,
yeah.
TAPPC has an awesome team.
So the only card I have I can play is just to shit on Tampa.
And for some reason these Goddamn idiots on Twitter or taking the bait,
you know till hates Tampa.
He really fucking hates it.
I don't give a fuck about tamp.
I just want to annoy you.
You know,
cause you annoy me.
The fact that you are such a non hockey fucking city and you have such a great
team.
Yeah.
Honestly,
how many you had to look up Steve?
I Zimmerman when he came to town,
you know?
Oh you read next down there.
What's the Hell's that Goddamn Jew?
Calm it down here.
What the fuck's he knew about hockey shit.
You might as well.
Fuck now he's,
he's a former NHL player.
Hall of Famer.
Oh,
all right.
I thought he was a,
I'm sorry.
Now what is that Stanley Cup is,
was that originally as spit tune?
Is that what it was?
I know what a lot of you guys are probably thinking.
You're probably thinking why is he doing a redneck southern accent?
This is Florida.
Yeah,
that's what most of Florida is.
There's Miami and then there's the rest of it and the rest of it is a fucking
hellhole other than nature ever go everglades have beautiful beaches,
are gorgeous,
you know,
trees,
the animals,
the birds,
all that shit down there.
Absolutely gorgeous.
But I'll tell you if you're not in Miami,
man,
all right.
I never been out of the Florida keys for my hurt when I heard it's all gay guys
and people running from the law.
You know people live in on houseboats and shit,
right?
Isn't that where they found that guy who shut that Versace dude,
wasn't he down there?
He key combined both people.
He was gay andF and a felon.
I'm fucking a,
yeah,
terabytes.
It's just a,
you know,
I dunno.
I Dunno what I'm talking about.
But anyways,
this series has been fucking tremendous.
Making me age or whatever.
And then every time I think Tampa is way better than we are.
All of a sudden we look unstoppable and then Magali Shit,
we're up through three.
We're going to be up three games to one and we could just score three fucking
goals.
That's the magic number for the Bruins.
Anytime they go up three games,
three goals or whatever,
I don't know what they do.
They just fucking rest.
Sit back on that.
What's chill for awhile?
This is boring.
Let's make it exciting.
They fucking blew the Goddamn leak.
I can tell you this right now.
I feel good though.
They're going to come back to Boston.
All right,
today.
All right.
We're going to kick them right in the content as I want to do.
Just like we didn't gain three that actually missed because I was working.
That's my prediction.
We're going to,
we're going to win another one of those two to one games,
one of those games.
All right?
That's what's happening and then we'll go down to Tampa and then they're going
to win it,
right?
They're going gonna win that game.
After we go up a couple of goals.
Oh Shit.
Are we going to close them out down in that strip mall that they play in now
they're going to come back.
Then for game seven,
it's going to be anybody's
okay.
I'm going to guess first goal wins that one,
unless it's the broads.
I have no faith in our ability to hold the fucking league lead.
I just don't.
And since last week,
my prediction was San Jose in Tampa,
in the finals,
and I thought Tampa was going to win the whole fucking thing.
All of a sudden Vancouver woke up in that play into their potential.
So now I'm an owl.
Call Vancouver.
Look at me.
I'm just like one of those guys on ESPN.
Every other time you see me,
I'll pick at somebody else so that I could be like,
dude,
what?
I say what I what dude?
I fucking called it.
I totally fuck had called it.
Um,
all right,
so let's plow ahead.
Let's get to the advice.
I hope my voice isn't as annoying as it sounds to me.
Uh,
advice.
Ah,
man,
this is a fucking brutal one.
Yeah.
Oh,
by the way,
for all you,
Jesus freaks out there.
He fucking blew you off again.
How does that feel?
Huh?
Once again,
once again,
they sent out the fliers.
Everybody was ready,
you know,
and what happened?
He just,
he just be fucking blow it off again.
How many times this is like fucking watching Charlie Brown try and kick the
football.
How many times can fucking Lucy pull it out and he lands on his Goddamn back?
How many times are you guys going to sit there and think this dude is coming
back?
You know what's wrong with you?
Yeah.
Um,
he's not coming back.
I gotta admit I get a little scared every time.
Like what is he going to be?
I just don't,
I just don't fucking believe in any of that.
I don't believe that there's this guy who's fucking mad at me for what?
For what?
I've been going to therapy,
that type of shit.
I'm starting to realize to stuff that I did.
A lot of it was because some shit that's some fucking cunt did to me when I was
a kid.
So that fucked my brain up.
That's my fault.
Today you're going to get mad cause I went to a fucking titty bar and a bunch of
whores are in there that you made
you made them.
That's,
that's where the whole thing breaks down from me or I gotta be this fucking
unbelievable,
great person.
Like
if you wanted us to be fucking great people,
why didn't you make as great people?
I think he's fucking bored.
He wanted to see,
he wants like choice.
All right.
I'll give him the choice to do the right thing,
the wrong thing,
and then I'm going to sit there and watch it because if I don't buy,
just make everybody great.
Everybody's going to be standing around like those little fucking Weirdo things
at the end of the Grinch.
Paulden hands around a Christmas tree home.
Whoa,
CRISPR.
Whatever the fuck they say.
Who the hell would want to live like that?
Know?
I like the Grinch.
I want to go.
I wouldn't be in business with the guy.
Good trust the fucker like that.
But you don't want to hang out with them in a bar.
Yeah,
it'd be like credentialing.
Gonna check over there.
What do you think about her and just listened to him go off on her.
Just sit there and laugh,
you know,
is he just disappears into hate.
Then you look over one of your friends,
you know,
you shoot them that look,
we put your eyebrows up like let's get good.
She's getting good.
So once again,
he didn't show up.
He didn't fucking show up.
And then what?
All the Bible thumpers got to run around and started just in their speeches.
We'll see what I was saying.
What are fuck.
Okay.
Just Christ.
You know,
most of the Times having a beard is fucking awesome because you don't have to
fucking shave every day.
That's the great thing about having a beard.
Bad time is when you got to blow your fucking nose
just ends in your mustache.
It's fucking disgusting.
All right.
What am I talking about?
Yeah.
What?
Oh wait,
it's anybody go to one of those churches where the guy,
yeah,
if you do,
you're not listening to this,
you know,
allowed to write cause I'm the devil.
It's your fucking grow up.
Anyways,
let's ahead here.
He didn't show up.
You know,
he wasn't going to show.
Yeah.
You know,
it's weird.
Do you want to get saved?
The only reason,
the only way I want to get saved is if I actually get to,
once I get saved and brought up on a cloud,
is if I get to look down and watch Jesus just fucking,
you know?
Yeah.
It just take it people out.
I want,
he's going to kill all of us.
Is that how they're going to do it?
I don't know these stories.
I don't read that book.
Isn't that what he's going?
He's going to come back.
Was coming back like a thief in the night.
D for the night.
Let me see if I can piece this together.
Some of the expressions I've heard people say it's coming back like a thief in
the night.
Okay.
And that's when he's going to sneak and take your loved ones and leave you
behind.
Right.
Jesus Christ.
It's so fucking childish.
They're preying on your year,
your goddamn fear as a kid of being left alone at the mall,
mob dad,
cheeses,
I don't buy it.
I don't buy anything where they sell it to me.
Out of fear.
Yeah.
Unless you were talking condoms.
All right.
Here we go.
Advice for this week.
Derek Bell
Dare Billy Boy Lee.
I'm 34 years old and I've been married.
Uh,
we'll call her Melinda,
my wife for about five years.
We met on an online,
online dating website and immediately felt a special bond.
We dated for three years,
but I knew she was the one I wanted to spend the rest of my life with after the
first week.
Anyway,
we have two kids,
twins who are both girls will cook granulations.
It's a great story so far.
Where could this go wrong,
wrong.
My sister was watching them for us.
One night.
My wife decided to take me to my favorite steak house.
She seemed like she really wanted me to have a great time and thought I was
going to get,
I don't want,
I thought I was going to get lucky afterwards.
Little did I know that she was going to tell me her biggest secret near the end
of our meal.
She looked at me and said,
Jim,
I've got to tell you something that's not a joke and something that may,
that may anger you.
I thought she was going to tell me that she had a tell me something about the
bills is some shit about,
yeah.
Ah,
Jesus.
I lost my space that she was going to tell me.
What did you think,
Bill?
What did you think?
I thought she was going to tell me something about the bills.
There's something about the sh or some shit about the kids.
Nope,
she looks at me and right after she said that she goes,
I'm gay with Mandy,
our neck,
our neighbor.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Oh,
and what happened that your fancy heavy fork slammed down onto the plate when
you dropped it.
Then everybody turned around and looked at you.
Bill,
I have no idea what to do because of the kids and because of what everyone will
say if I tell them I had a gay wife,
I'm thinking about packing up and going to Iceland or some shit,
but no,
that won't work.
Uh,
Melinda told me she wanted to stay married,
but on certain nights we could just bang around with other people.
She is afraid of what others will think.
I would never even consider that.
And I'm really confused on what to do.
Help me.
All right,
dude,
I want to try to help you out here,
okay?
Uh,
what she's doing is she's gradually ending the marriage.
Okay?
She's not ready to just fucking come out and say she's gay and go live a gay
lifestyle.
So she's telling you first and now she wants you to keep it a secret and allow
her to go outside the relationship to go fuck around with the girl next door.
Now you didn't even mention is she married to somebody else,
you know,
I don't know.
So you gotta look out for yourself here.
This isn't what you want.
I'm going to guess,
right?
You don't want to have a wife who's a gay twice a month,
she's gay.
Let her go fucking bigay,
you know,
but you,
you don't have to be involved in that.
You,
you don't want,
you know,
that's not what the fuck you looking for here.
That's why,
you know,
so you gotta tell her she's going to walk over.
I think you got,
and I know this kids and all that type of stuff,
but what the fuck are you supposed to do?
They might not get it right now.
They're going to get it at some point when they get old enough,
they going to understand the adult choice that you had to make because I
understand it's their mom.
So it's going to be painful.
What you guys could do is be like,
all right,
why don't we,
uh,
just live in the same town or the same area so you can still be involved with
the kids.
There's no big deal.
You know,
try to make it as easy as possible and then respect her wishes to keep it quiet.
You know?
Let her tell people that's,
I really believe that,
like,
you know,
is upset as you are.
Don't go around fucking telling that because that's a,
I dunno,
people are assholes when it comes to that shit.
So,
but you gotta look out for yourself here.
Do too.
You've got to,
you've got to get out of that.
You got to get out of that.
Because what's going to happen is she's gradually going to become more and more
gay and less and less the chick you fucking married and then one day you're
going to be sitting there.
It's,
she's going to be dressed like fucking Archie bunker,
you know?
Ah,
that'd be all right to bring fucking Mrs.
Who's the water over here?
You know they're going to be sitting there watching some show on choppers,
right?
And then what the fuck are you going to do?
What if you happen to come home with one of your buddies and it just be like,
he's going to be like,
why does your fucking wife,
when did she start dressing like squigy Laverne and Shirley,
I have,
sorry,
I've just fucking around.
I had to make a funny,
this is a depressing thing here.
All right,
so good thing you're only 34 years old.
Let's get some positive here.
All right.
Now the good thing,
she didn't wait till you 50 fucking four and you realize your whole marriage was
a lie.
You only lost a few years of your life here.
You still got two great kids.
All right?
You got a story to tell.
All right,
that could actually get you some pussy.
As you getting back on your feet,
they'll feel bad for you.
You know,
maybe they'll even try and prove how much,
how heterosexual they aren't giving an extra good fucking blow job.
And uh,
then something else good in there.
Oh,
and then another good thing is,
is the girl,
she's fucking around with hot and it does,
she occasionally like some Dick.
Maybe you could get a fucking three some for the road
threesome for the road.
Sounds like a fucking an old country song trailer for sale or rent.
My fucking wife is gay are thank
Ah,
go on a fucker friend as a make her lick my bowls.
Come on in kids.
I've,
we got something to tell you.
Your mom is gay
and uh,
she's licking my balls.
I whatever.
I can't fucking sick
dude.
That sucks.
You got to get out of it.
All right?
You've got to get out of it.
She's gradually breaking up with you.
It's completely,
she doesn't have the courage yet to tell people that she's gay.
All right,
and you've got to work on it.
You've got to respect her time table,
but you can't,
you can't let her use you.
All right?
She's already been using,
she'd been fucking around behind your back.
All right,
you're walking,
just come up with some sort of story,
you know,
and then you guys both stick with it then don't be like fucking that con Tus
rent ratting out Lance Armstrong right now.
Just keep your mouth shut.
And when she wants to come out and say it,
look,
and if people are judging you like,
Oh wow,
I can't believe you know,
you guys are breaking up.
What about the kids?
And Blah,
blah,
blah.
Let them judge you or whatever though.
All your big apology,
a big fucking apology when they,
when she finally comes out and says what the secret is.
So whatever that be everyone then there,
then you'll look like the martyr,
right?
I Dunno dude,
my heart goes out to you.
Ah,
that sucks.
That really fucking sucks.
But uh,
you got to get out of that.
You got to get out of that.
All right,
good luck to you,
sir.
All right.
Next one.
Bill.
Dearest.
We'll,
you're,
my son is a good kid,
respectful and thoughtful,
and never had trouble at school.
You sound like a parrot of somebody's kid who just did something really bad.
My kids are good.
He's respectful at Datto.
Naira gets in trouble.
I don't know where he got that.
Rosie,
um,
never gets in trouble at school or on the playground.
He plays Little League Baseball and as 11 years old as he best friends with a
dolphin,
this is sounds like an all American kid.
Uh,
last year I had a disagreement with his baseball coach who brought in a ringer
from another league to play in a local tournament.
Wow.
This took a lifter.
The coach used the ringer in all the key positions for every inning while many
of the other kids suppose smoked,
spent most of the game resting after a few games.
I spoke to the coach and let them know that I thought it was unfair how the
house league kids were being passed over for the ringer.
His reply was,
that's the way I do things and lineups are my decision.
Uh,
in the subsequent tournament games by kid was punished from my outspoken
complaint by becoming the unofficial bench warmer.
Obviously this was upsetting to my kid.
Do what is wrong with fucking adults that you do that to a kid.
I could see going,
hey,
this is my team.
This is how I'm running it.
But to then take it out on his kid who didn't say anything,
what a Douche.
You know,
when his head,
he thinks he's the next fucking,
uh,
chuck Tanner.
I'm sorry.
I know Earl weaver.
I have no idea.
Um,
I brought a complaint forward to our leagues President State and I felt this
coach was unfair.
Oh,
so you,
well now we're making it worse.
If he's friends with that guy,
you bitch too.
Uh,
I suggested that he was unfit for coaching at the league.
Should reconsider,
uh,
his placement.
Unfortunately,
the president quit before the ruling on the matter and the new president chose
to sweep it under the rug.
The new baseball season began a month ago at new teams or forms Ford,
my boys first gave back was it gets his last years coach.
At the end of the game,
during the head shake by sun shook everyone's hands except for the old his hand.
What am I son told me about this?
I did not tell him that his decision was right or wrong,
but I understood it and I supported it.
Was this bad parenting?
Is this bad sportsmanship?
No,
no,
it isn't.
It's not.
You know why one thing have everybody's an adult do unite.
You're talking about a kid here.
This guy's fucking with kids for zone goddamn ego trip and he punished your kid
who did do anything.
So fuck him.
You kids all are going to be a kid once you know those,
those exciting moments and during the games when there's pressure that builds
character,
you know,
and also,
if it goes wrong,
it ruins a childhood.
So maybe did help you.
I'm just saying what I'm saying.
That's why sports is the shit.
It's fucking great.
It's great.
Eddie,
he robbed them of that.
You paid the fee.
Fuck this guy.
No,
it's not bad sportsman ship.
But I think you're a hell of a dad that you're actually question again.
And then you also was,
you didn't say it was right or wrong.
You say,
understood why you did it.
Not Dude,
you're fucking solid.
Don't even worry about it.
All right.
Two weeks later,
I was approached by two members of the executive board of our league who asked
me to speak to my son about shaking everyone's hand.
At the end of every game though,
this is classic sports.
They never see the first hit.
They always see the retaliation.
So he's getting caught for retaliate.
Obviously his old coach had complained.
Yeah,
dude,
I bet if you yanked down his sport,
like biker bike pants to coach is still where those members,
those are the bike shorts,
that bicycle shorts.
There was the shorts at all coach war.
They,
they were made by a company called bike.
Uh,
but if you yanked those doubt,
he's got a fucking vagina.
This guy's a cunt.
He really is.
Uh,
where the hell am I said obviously the culture could play.
And I was shocked,
but said that I would give it some thought.
The two teams will meet again soon.
What should I do?
Should I tell my son to shake his old his hand or should I tell the executive
board to piss off and worry about parenting their own kids?
Um,
it is possible for the league to suspend my son.
They have not threatened this,
but I consider it,
but I need to consider the possible Rick for Kushans.
I'm a big fan of don't know why,
but I respect your opinion.
All right,
dude.
You know what you're dealing with.
You're dealing with a guy who's a fucking power happy,
okay?
He's a psycho.
You know,
he gets off on this shit.
He gets off on the power of telling you this is my lineup.
Sit down and I'm going to sit your kid.
Your kid doesn't fucking shake my head.
He feels like you got one up on him.
So now he's going to go down there and he's got to get off.
He's not about sportsmanship.
He's going to get off on the fact that he's going to make your seed reach out
and shake his fucking hand.
He'll probably fill up a little bit.
The fucking pervert.
You know what?
Fuck this guy.
That's what my gut says.
But that's not how the world works out in the world comes like this wind.
So there's only one solution here.
You got to go fuck with his car.
DOPP kit up.
Totally gets that.
Uh,
I don't know.
I,
you know,
I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you.
I really don't.
You know what?
Tell him to shake his head like he's a lady.
Like he,
you know,
sons,
the man
when he goes to shake it out,
just fucking,
just either have the way he shakes it.
Earl just say,
just have him say something.
Does that make you happy sweetheart?
Just sub that where you kind of call it.
I'm a fucking sits.
Just something you get.
There you go.
All right.
And every time he goes back to complain or whatever,
you got to,
yeah,
that's it.
That's what you gotta do is the guy,
uh,
is the guy fat.
Maybe could say something.
Hey,
great game.
They have fatty.
Hey there.
Fudgy guy can fatties does two mean,
I don't know what,
there's something having to do the handshake so you don't piss off the board
play,
go play his fucking game.
All right.
And you just have him say something or,
or shake it,
grabbed the guy's hand.
Hold it like it's like he's a date.
Like the,
he's the dainty fucking pussy that he is.
That really annoys me.
You know what I'm thinking right now?
I'm thinking about that fucking that guy,
uh,
who they always bring back on survivor who ended up crying when he finally got
taken off.
Anybody watch it this past season,
I actually got sucked into her.
That Dude Boston,
rob played the best fucking game I've ever seen.
Manipulated the whole fucking game.
And in the end he gave people the choice of a fucking lunatic and an absolute
airhead.
And even though they all fucking hated him,
the other two people were so goddamn unworthy of it.
They had to give it to him and he won.
It was fucking brilliant.
I'm sure a lot of people could think to do something like that,
but to actually pull it off
was ridiculous.
And the fucking air had chick was the linchpin and that was the whole thing.
That's why he made it,
because they should have all turned on rob on the last fucking round and they
didn't house fucking great.
That was great.
Yeah.
Boston rob told he's not fucking around kit,
you know,
fucking wife wanted.
He wanted his fucking 2 million.
All is dope,
you know.
But does he go down and get us a fucking
Boston Kaaba no,
no duties.
Keep it all for himself.
Selfish.
Fuck Dude.
Um,
all right.
Youtube videos for the week.
Oh,
what am I,
I'm 40 minutes said,
guys,
this is,
this is just going to be a short one.
It's going to be short.
Just like the fucking Dick on that Douche fucker with their kid and the little
league.
What an asshole.
What a fucking asshole.
What's his game?
Maybe some of my listeners can come up with something.
Hey guys,
what?
Say You fucking contribute to the podcast.
You want to do that?
Why don't you do that?
Give this poor bastard who's his out.
He can tell the way he wrote it.
You can tell my fucking voices.
Chug a B could tell the way he wrote that.
That guy's a good dad.
He's also a good person.
He's actually looking at this shift from 360 degrees as the guy got my,
a bad guy or whatever.
Give this guy some suggestions on what his kid could do.
He's got to shake his fucking hand.
I don't want the kid to get suspended.
All right.
Um,
I dunno what else to tell them.
It help.
If you could send me a description of what this guy looks like,
you,
there's something you got to do.
There's gotta be some,
you know,
you got to go passive aggressive here,
even though I can't stand passive aggressiveness,
but this guy's being a bitch.
So maybe this is the time you get to fight fire with fire.
I don't know what,
um,
alright.
Underrated.
Overrated for the week.
Um,
all right.
Underrated Captain Kirk of the roots,
quests,
love and Jack White are the three most underrated musicians of this generation.
Uh,
I'd go with Captain Kirk and quests.
Love,
but what's his face?
Uh,
Jack White gets plenty of,
uh,
accolades.
They did a goddamn documentary
with Jimmy page,
the edge and now him aren't they saying he's basically the Jimmy page or the
edge of this era?
If they do that
now
I know fucking though.
Anyway,
so it's too bad.
Pop Stars get all the attention because most people don't appreciate how fucking
great Jack White is.
All right?
You know what?
I need to dispel this fucking myth or at least what I feel is a myth.
People,
if you like quote unquote good music,
stop paying attention to pop music and going,
Oh God,
what is wrong with this country?
What is wrong with the culture?
It's 13,
14,
15 year old girls are buying Justin Bieber album's okay.
There's really no reason to sit there tearing your fucking hair out,
ask acting like 30 35 year old people are buying this shit.
They're not.
If they are,
they're buying it for their kids.
All right?
There's always going to be pop culture.
Pop culture is not destroying music.
It just gives you something to bitch about.
It makes your bad luck cooler.
So quit your fucking whining.
God,
I'm so fucking sick of that.
Every what happened in music,
it's always been like that.
Oh yeah,
the 60s it was so real with the monkeys and the partridge family.
Telly Savalas put out a fucking album in the 70s all right?
It's always been awful and unbelievable.
So listen to the unbelievable shit.
But you know,
just know that kids are listening to that kids.
You know that they're allowed to have music.
They're allowed to have Leif Garrett,
Shaun Cassidy,
fucking Britney spears,
Justin Bieber,
all of them.
They're not for you.
They're not saying you have to listen to all these fucking cunts on youtube who
go to these great musicians sites.
Always have to bring up Justin Bieber.
Is it sad?
The Justin Bieber BB reselling the hundred million records and this guy,
you'll easily pucky bubbly.
Now it isn't.
This is sad.
It's not sad.
Alright?
He's fucking 18 years old.
All right.
And he's appealing to 13 year old checks.
Good Fam.
You know,
he made a zillion bucks.
Good for him.
He's not affecting your fucking music.
And if they took him away,
they wouldn't go and listen to your fucking jam band.
They're 13 year old girls.
They're not gonna do it.
They're just gonna like,
look for the next fucking guy.
All right.
Anyways,
what really ruined music was fucking downloading shit for free.
That's what ruined it.
I think the Internet and all that shit,
it just,
it's splintered.
The whole thing.
And there's no more superstars anymore.
I'm not saying the old system was great.
He used to get raped in a lot of ways.
Still a music was justification for them charging us $18 for a fucking CD when
it only costs them a dollar to make it,
they may have a ton of fucking money.
They raped all of us for two generations,
right?
Or two decades.
So I dunno,
but without judging,
downloading,
either way that the whole advent of downloading shit for free is really what,
uh,
I think destroyed it.
But anyway,
so let's,
let's plow ahead.
Take your pick between any of the six white stripe albums to rake on tour
albums.
I don't want to say that.
Oh,
the two dead where their albums and you'll see the guy belongs in the
conversation with the all time.
Great.
We'll do it.
I don't know how you missed it.
There's a documentary out there called it might get loud and he gets just about
as as many props as you could possibly get there.
Uh,
anyways,
my dad grew up on the Beatles and Zeplin swears that Jack White is better than
all of them.
All right.
Well I would swear that your dad took LSD a little too much.
If he thinks the Jack White is better than the fucking Beatles.
All right.
Or even Zap for that matter.
All those apple,
don't,
you know,
they got a lot of covers in there fucking catalog.
So I don't know.
Jack White,
he's writing his own songs,
isn't he?
Yeah.
Oh geesh.
Um,
too bad.
Maroon five Green Day Nickleback and Coldplay will always outsell him.
See,
this is where it always goes because they cater their music to the radio.
Well that's their prerogative.
Green days.
A fucking great band,
by the way.
It's a fucking great bed.
Nickelback yeah.
Coldplay.
Yeah,
I get that.
I get that,
you know,
they write those songs here at one time were like,
oh that wasn't bad.
And they'd hear it again and like,
oh my God,
I want to kill everyone who made that song.
Uh,
although Coldplay's not nearly as bad as Nickelback.
but all I can say is get used to it.
Cause those bands are always going to be around and those bands will always
the,
the better beds.
And there's no reason to get mad at it because you know,
most of the people who buy fucking music or in their teens aren't they?
So that's what the fuck they listened to.
All right.
Jesus,
let me come down off of my fucking Goddamn my soapbox here.
Um,
but I will go,
I will say I saw that dude captain Kirk play live.
He's fucking unbelievable and a quest lovers obviously the shit.
And I think Jaguar,
he ties up.
So everybody that you pick,
they're a obviously a obviously agree with.
Uh,
all right.
And now what are we up to?
47 minutes,
people.
I don't know what else to talk about.
Oh,
I know what I'm going to talk about.
What the fuck is my newspaper here?
This is at the risk of burning some potential material.
This is something you can look forward to watching me go off on in the future.
On stage.
All right,
hang on a second.
I gotta blow my God damn nose again.
Hold on.
Let's go eat a pastry.
Fuck
yeah,
we had to get it out of the mustache.
Um,
anyways,
so everybody saw what happened almost Schwartzenegger this week,
right?
So Time magazine has a,
uh,
it has an article out there says sex lies arrogance.
What makes powerful men act like pigs?
Okay,
so
I look at the,
who wrote it?
It's written by a lady.
How fucking funny is that?
Sex lies.
Arrogance.
What Po?
What makes powerful men act like pigs?
A woman is going to tell the world why guys act the way they act.
Do you realize how fucked up?
At what point are men going to make a fucking stand here with this?
Okay.
I don't want to come off like a chauvinist pig here and you just giving away.
Every guy should have wrote this article.
He could've had so much more fucking insight.
What the fuck does a woman know?
She doesn't know.
And the whole thing is just thick.
The whole thing is written
bye in the,
in the female's point of view,
which is the only thing you understand is being that woman who got cheated on.
So there's this woman's scorn vibe under the whole article,
but there's no information in here.
I learned nothing.
I was really good.
I learned nothing as a guy and she's fucking wrong on most of her points.
One of the great things they like to say is that
a men of power,
the reason why they cheat is because they feel entitled.
They feel they're entitled.
I'm not going to burn the bit,
but that is something that's so not even true.
And what kills me is some fucking broad like this.
Nancy Gibbs would sit there and argue with me
being a lady,
a lady.
Do you understand what you're doing there?
You're basically telling me that you know how my brain works better than I do.
I was watching her or the reason why I bought this fucking article cause I was
sitting,
I was watching it on television.
I saw the art and the obviously I like,
I'll fucking magnet.
I'm drawn to this.
I'm like,
Oh,
I like this topic.
I want to hear about this.
And then Nancy gives comes on and she's talking to a guy.
Yeah,
Katie's going really always.
That was I was,
I was okay.
Like
it's a shadow.
It's just,
it's fucking terrific.
That would be like me.
Like here's something for you.
Here's his like,
like women.
You never get to know what it's like to have a dick.
All right,
so stop it.
Stop trying to write articles.
Tries to up to act like you're in our heads and you know what we're thinking.
You don't.
You're always going to be observed.
You've got to be an observer.
You sitting on the grassy knoll what to do?
Where do the shots come from?
You have no fucking idea.
You just coming up with your theories,
the nerve or you to get to cover a fucking Time magazine with this horse.
Shit.
Just a bunch of horse shit.
They got one over there.
Let's see this ship.
Uh,
the turning points,
this is from another lake.
They are two people write about this shit.
Elaine,
I can't even read a fucking last name.
Eyes,
CEO,
Lino,
whatever.
Frances having it's Anita Hill moment.
When the law professor testified before the Senate committee in 1991 that a
former boss,
Clarence Thomas,
had sexually harassed her.
He denied everything,
was elevated to the Supreme Court.
Notice how the fucking angry cunt leaves out the fact that he was acquitted.
The guy was acquitted.
Okay.
She makes it seem like he was accused of that stuff and because of that he will
because of that attention,
he was elevated to the Supreme Court.
But anyways,
hearings were attorney,
but hearings were terming point.
Women suddenly said that the mad men style of behavior they had been putting up
with at work for so long,
the leering,
the inappropriate touching,
the sexual banter was not acceptable.
Do you understand that?
She's not talking about the 1960s there.
She's talking about 1991 I'm not saying that that shit wasn't happening,
but you know I was in the workforce.
They're all right.
People weren't walking around going,
hey,
touch grabbing people's asses at work in 98919901991 they weren't,
I mean generally speaking warrant,
but this lady just fucking goes the mad men style,
which is from the 1960s Madison Avenue.
Hey Sweetie,
go make me a fucking sandwich.
That era,
completely ignoring all the bullshit that happened in the late sixties seventies
right through the fucking eighties and the 80s they were talking about women
wearing their fucking little power suits and power ties and all that fucking
horseshit.
This is all just one of these classic things where you just,
you just,
you have your angle and then you just,
you just write the whole fucking article.
It's complete horse shit.
Um,
what the hell is the coordinator wanted to read?
I don't even know.
All right,
let me tell you something,
Nancy.
Let me tell you something,
Elaine.
Those guys don't do that shit cause they feel entitled.
They don't.
All right.
And if you want to know why come out to a comedy club cause I'm not burden the
fucking material.
I'll talk about it a little bit.
Yeah,
I'll talk about real quick.
All right.
What it is is women don't understand what it's like to have a dick.
They just don't get it.
Okay?
The fucking thing tells us what to do.
You know,
and right now they're rolling their eyes because they don't understand the sex
drive that we have.
How could they,
they got a vantage.
All right?
And the thing is,
there's no information out there to help people to help guys out.
Method.
All guys get is no information about being a guy in general.
Hey,
keep it in your pants.
That's the sexual advice we get.
That's what we get.
Fuck it.
You got Kosmal.
There's reams of shit talking about all the folds in your vagina.
Every goddamn month we get,
Hey,
keep it in your pants.
That's the kind of advice guys get.
You go to jail.
Hey,
don't drop the soap.
That's it.
That's all you get.
We get little fucking four sentences.
And that's how we're supposed to fucking navigate through life.
So you're born with a deck,
you've got this ridiculous fucking sex drive.
The only thing that fucking keeps it in check is the fact that women won't fuck
you.
You got to figure out,
you got to talk them into it.
You go through dry spells.
That's the only thing that prevents a guy from fucking 24 hours a day is other
women making it difficult for us to get laid.
But then what happens is when you become an a position of power,
these cuts flip the fucking table and will suck your Dick under your fucking
Goddamn desk while your wife's sits across from you.
So now the governor has taken off.
You've never had to control your sexual urges because it was always done for
you.
You like a spoiled kid.
Now you're fucking famous.
She got all these broads coming at you.
You don't know what to do
because you never really noticed how much you've been being led around by your
Dick.
Now,
I'm not saying every powerful guy out there is an angel.
There's not this.
Definitely some pigs out there.
There's definitely some guys out there who do feel entitled but to just painted
with that broad fucking stroke of a brush and have a fucking woman sitting there
telling me it's you.
You don't know what you're talking about lady.
All right
you have to,
I just fucking blows my mind.
Blows my fucking mind that they,
they put two people on this assignment and they were both women.
Was that some political correct fucking thing?
Cause they were worried that guys,
we're going to say what the fuck I'm saying that basically their husbands would
be our fucking everything that moved if women wanted to fuck the way we want it
to,
I don't know.
And not to mention most people can handle power and that includes broads.
Okay.
So you get some guy in a powerful position.
Is Egos already going to go through the fucking roof and then you combine that
with the fact that basically half of the free world will now fuck him.
Any supposed to somehow rein that in and is only piece of advice is keep it in
your pants.
You know,
I don't,
I dunno.
Yeah.
Dave,
I that gets really embarrassing,
the Time magazine with this fucking superficial that they,
they just basically
they tee,
I mean it was like psych 101
how they broke it down.
Yeah.
Even there's shit on,
on a Arnold Schwartzenegger about how he,
he likes fucking around with girls that aren't beautiful.
You know,
they said it was cause he was intimidated by beautiful women and Blah,
blah,
blah.
See,
they're women.
They don't,
they don't get the difference between hooking up with a hottie and hooking up
with the plain Jane girl who's going to try harder,
okay.
As opposed to the fucking chick who's,
who's got 0% body fat and just thinks she's God's God damn gift.
You've seen that,
right?
You go to a titty bar,
the hottest one there does,
she tries hard is that fucking one in the middle?
She doesn't,
and after awhile,
you know what?
You start looking at those hot,
he's going,
you know what?
They're fucking more trouble than they're worth.
All right,
I want my dick sucked to completion.
Who am I going with?
The supermodel looking chick.
Oh,
the chick who's just happy to be there
fucking morons.
I,
I don't know.
All right.
Somehow I made an hour.
Oh Geez.
Oh Jesus.
What are we doing here?
You guys want to hear?
Uh,
did I did,
I did my dates last week,
right?
Did I,
did I have those up there?
What do I go?
You know what?
I'm actually,
I've got a couple of weeks off here.
I've got a couple of weeks off here and I'm not doing God damn shit.
I'm not going to though.
I'm not going to the,
uh,
airport.
I'm not doing shit.
My fucking nose is running.
I usually end up doing another rant here,
but I got nothing.
All right guys,
you gotta help me out here.
It's fucking May.
I'm drinking goddamn day quilt.
What do you want from me?
Well,
we'd like another 10 minutes.
What?
Go fuck yourselves.
It's not all right.
This has been the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
May 23rd,
2011 I hope you guys enjoyed it.
I like to think it was a decent one.
A little bit raspy.
Fuck.
You know,
sub did,
did I buy the wrong tissues?
My nose is going to be all fucking raw.
It's gotta be redder than my God damn beard.
MMM.
Anyways,
hopefully coming up soon.
I will have the schedule for when my episodes of glee are going to air.
And,
uh,
so sharpen your fucking fingers,
cause I don't,
I'm going to get trashed for those,
but uh,
they're coming up.
Um,
and that's it.
That's the podcast this week.
God bless all of you to go fuck yourself.
I'll talk to you.
That's
[inaudible].